Update ReadMe to include adding .env (#49)
datumforge/datum-ui: README.md

### Develop

> 1. Copy the .env, this is in .gitignore so you do not have to worry about accidentally committing it.
> This hold example of environment configurations which you should review and potentially override depending on your needs.
>  ```bash
>  cp ./config/.env-example ./config/.env
>  ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Copy the .env, this is in .gitignore so you do not have to worry about accidentally committing it.

  This holds example of environment configurations which you should review and potentially override depending on your needs.
  
   ```bash
   cp ./config/.env-example ./config/.env
   ```
```

> 2. To develop all apps and packages, run the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To develop all apps and packages, run the following command:
```

Use `1.`, markdown will auto increment
